docs: updated links to product documentation (#2884)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/guides/using-vpc-bastion-ssh.md

ssh root@<vm-name>.myprivatenetwork
```

> For further information using our console please check [our dedicated documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/vpc/how-to/use-ssh-bastion/).

Author: ```suggestion
For further information using our console please check [our dedicated documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/public-gateways/how-to/use-ssh-bastion/).
```
